The next step now is to add,
well I'm going to add another
higher order component that's going to check
if there's a query stream that includes token,
and that the readers can set that token
into a cookie that can be read
both on a client side and a server side.
That token is the bearer token
that will allow me to do the APR request
on both client side and server side.
So I'm just going to duplicate this file.
And I'm gonna call it with token.
And I'm just gonna get rid of these bits.
That,
and that.
So I just have a basic higher order component.
I'm going to do import at with token from HOC
with token, oops not user, token.
And we're gonna wrap that around with user.
Now there's obviously more than one way to do this
so do the way it works best for you,
but this is how I'm doing it.
So I'm going to include a,
what I'm going to say is if...
Let's put in const, query, and request.
Equals CTX, and if request, i.e. on the server,
and query.token,
we're going to do a set token CTX.
And I have a function ready.
So I'm going to do a set, cut token.
It's going to receive the response in the query.
I'm going to do a lazy kind of require for the cookie.
This is just a cookie library,
it works on the server side only.
So it looks at the request headers,
I think.
Yep.
It is going to set the headers on the request,
set cookie, and I'm going to serialise this token
and get one week worth of age,
and that should be it.
So because I've reused the higher order component
from the with user,
it should kind of propagate down
all of this should just propagate down absolutely fine.
So, let's give that a try.
Just to also add, I cancelled out the throw
just so I could get it to work.
So I'm gonna hit refresh,
and nothing's gonna happen,
and what I'm gonna do is look at the application,
look at the cookies.
Then I'm gonna do the auth process.
So remember the auth is on a different URL,
just because I'm trying to do like a cross-origin auth.
So that is our bearer token,
it's just landed there.
So I'm gonna use that bearer token
to make our APR request.
So with user, is going to do
at function, get token.
And I'm going to try and read the token
out of the cookie.
So we're gonna read in request.
And we'll say if request there on the server side,
so we're gonna do,
we're gonna borrow this require.
Else here on the client side.
And what we're gonna do is cookie.,
in fact I need to look at the notation for this.
NPM cookie.
I believe we just have to do just .parse.
So that's what we want to do.
It means you have to read the actually cookie value out,
the request header.
So this would be, let's say,
request, .headers, .cookie.
And we need to say if there are no request headers
or no request headers .cookie.
Then we're just gonna return, straight out.
Null is fine.
And then we do the cookie.parse.
Then we'll do const token equals that
and then return token.
So that should be the server side.
And the client side, we're gonna use js-cookie,
which is a little bit simpler.
But obviously, because JavaScript cookies
live inside the document,
the navigator,
document.cookies, I think.
So it's slightly different parsing process,
but a little easier just, .get.
So I'm gonna do const, cookie=require
js-cookie, I've already installed these locally.
I'm gonna do return,
return cookie.get
token.
So that should get us the token.
We're just gonna add that here.
And at const token=get token CTX.
And then we're gonna parse our token in to here.
If that actually, yeah.
Get user.
I'm gonna log this out
just so I can double check it worked.
And at get user, we're gonna add that token,
and we're gonna do headers at authorization,
and then bearer token.
Okay, so that's what I'm gonna try and do.
So I'm gonna log out the user as well
so we can see it, log user.
First thing I'm gonna do is try on the client side.
So I'm gonna clear all this.
And I'm just gonna navigate
from one page to the other.
Okay, so there's our token.
But this doesn't like our
access allow origin.
So it's doing a cause header,
cause request to, let's try...
Let's have a quick look at network requests.
There are a lot.
So you got on demand, like spewing into our requests here.
What we can do is hide this,
what we can do is a negative search,
to remove on demand.
Make it a little easier.
And there's that options request that failed.
Okay, so that was a 204,
and it's asking for the authorization header,
but the response was, so response headers,
this can't be start, I need to fix that.
So I'm just gonna fix my server and come back.
Okay, so after a bit of poking around,
or quite of a lot of poking around,
I realised that one of my dependencies
was just a little bit out of date.
And I fixed that.
So, if we just clear this,
and navigate backwards and forwards,
we should see that the request is working.
Look at the network request down here,
we've got the options request running,
and the response, and we have that user coming back.
I still need to remove that API key.
But still, it's coming back.
And now the test on the server.
So if we jump across to the server,
and do a hard refresh,
there it is.
The user was in the original source.
So we can see,
yeah, there it was,
my toothy grin.
So, it's actually working on the server side,
and on the client side.
So this means that what we could do is start saying,
okay well the user signed in,
let's show them the notes box.
So, what that would look like is,
where is it, notes,
we'd have to add the with user
to our session page.
So if we go down to here,
we show notes by default.
Let's change it so that session
does not show notes by default
and checks if we have a user being parsed in.
So here we've got user,
and if we have a user that we want to share the notes,
so user and notes.
There we go.
So this will vanish, because it doesn't work at the moment.
Because the session page needs to include the with sessions.
So import, sorry with user, from hocs with user,
and we're just gonna export it with user.
Refresh.
Why didn't it work?
We don't know.
Let's have a look.
Oh, it's because our session page
isn't passing down the rest of the props.
So it was a mistake made earlier.
Props.
Okay ready, refresh.
Still there, cool.
And I guess the extra bit is,
let's do it on this one,
on the session itself.
That should be getting the user.
If the user is here, it should be showing.
So that's not showing at the moment,
so look at the dev tools for react.
Let's inspect that.
See, if we just forgot to
somehow we're using a user so,
that's the rating thing.
Feeling.
Export default props.
There's the user.
Oh no, hang on.
I think we are, I'm losing.
Yeah I'm not parsing in, that's why.
Yeah.
There we go.
And now, from here, I could kind of join up to
this particular user instant.
So in this example, in the notes,
I would say okay so,
Jenn's talk was amazing.
And when I kind of, on input it could,
I don't know, the notes component?
We could say, when this changes, on change,
then we could do kind of a behind the scenes save,
using that authenticated user.
So that is how I get a user into the page.
That's how I get it working
on the server side as well.
Like I said, there are lots of different ways of doing this,
this is one way.
If there are future articles,
or anything useful, I will post it to the course.
Otherwise, that is how I am doing
server side and client side user auth.
And it's a little bit different,
just because I've got my API on a different origin.
If it were all on the same origin,
I wouldn't have to do this extra kind of
validation where I'm saying,
go and get that bearer token
so we can make the request,
because on the server side,
they'll always be authenticated,
and they'll be on the same origin.
If it were all on the same origin, but in this instance,
I'm imagining that maybe we have
the scheduled browser on one origin domain,
and maybe like, API dot scheduled browser
on a different domain.